Hey, guys, what's up this summer?
Hi, and I welcome you to another tutorial on this course on Ruby.
And in this story, we are going to be covering some interesting facts you need to know about Ruby.
The first one is that Ruby came into existence at Ukiyo Matsumoto that wanted a scripting language that
is more powerful than Perl and more object oriented than Python.
The second interesting fact here is that the name Ruby for the language got originated in an online
chat session between Masumoto and Kidu issued to Gouta on 24th 1993, before even any code was written
in the language.
Initially, two names were suggested that were Korrell or Ruby.
The name Ruby was later chosen by Emmott's Moodle in an email to his partner.
The third interesting fact about Ruby is that Ruby is often confused with Ruby on Rails, which is a
server side framework written in Ruby under the midday license for implementing the applications.
One more interesting fact over here is that Ruby libraries and packages are managed through the central
library management system called the Ruby Gems.
Next, interesting fact about Ruby is that Ruby supports multiple programming paradigms such as procedural
programming, object oriented programming, as well as functional programming, which make it unique
in the programming world.
One more interesting fact about Ruby here is that Ruby interpretor can be used as a calculator.
One more interesting fact here is that Ruby has built in support for operational numbers and complex
numbers, which helps in solving complex mathematical problems.
One more factor here is that Ruby allows scored embedding, for example, Rudy Ruby can be embedded
into HDMI.
Interesting.
One more factor here is that Ruby users can take the advantage of dynamic typing and duck typing.
The last encrusting factor here is that Ruby understands and uses an eye instead of and you double and
you is basically used in almost every other programming language like C, C++, Java, Python.
But in Ruby you have to use an eye which makes it different from other languages.
A.
So these were some of the interesting facts about Ruby.
You need to know before you start on with this language.
So I hope you enjoyed this fact.
And I guess that's it with this tutorial as well.
Thank you so much, guys, for watching.
And I will see you guys in the next tutorial.